hey guys it's egwik quick vid but i  recently found out from valor leaks and  danny intel on twitter that valrant  mobile has entered the testing phase i'm  gonna put up some screenshots for you  but it looks like it's in chinese so i'm  gonna assume that the beta will first go  live on chinese servers than the rest of  the world it might actually be live in  china already from what danny intel says  it's also been confirmed that there  won't be cross play between pc and  mobile but i'm not too sure how i feel  about that on one hand crossplay in  non-ranked modes doesn't seem so bad but  on the other hand it might cause  potential problems with anti-cheat or  backhand stuff and maybe riot doesn't  want to take that risk either way i'm  excited to see how this all pans out are  you guys going to play valor mobile or  just stick to the pc version and what  are your thoughts on the lack of  crossplay personally i'm not a big  mobile gamer so i'll probably just stick  to pc but yeah let me know your thoughts  and comments down below anyway this is  egwik thanks for watching and i'll see  you guys next time